favicons are the icons displayed on the tabs to look more prettier.

div tag divides up a portion of a screen according to the specifics and encloses the content
which we want inside it.

The speciaity of div is that if we increase its dimensions than it pushes away the other content
away making it to scroll over to see the other part which makes the page look nicer.

Padding is the space of the content from all its borders.

every html element is enclosed under a box and we can manipulate these dimensions to make them
look better, ex the borders.

margin is the buffer zone to separate the different elements for spacing. Margin => Borders => padding m.

block elements are the elements which take up the whole width of the page preventing any other element to come
on the same line ex list, p, divs, forms etc.

span element is used to make an element inline therby giving it the only space it requires and allowing other
elements to sit next to them and style a part of a same element differently for ex in p element.
ex to style just the pro part of the word programmar we can use the span element.
like <p><span>portion</span>grammar</p> and give it a class to style it. the span element takes
up only the space it needs unlike block elements which take up the entire width. These elements are
called inline elements. spans, images, anchors.

we can use the display property to make an inline element a block element and vice-versa. but without the display
property set to block we cannot change the dimensions of an inline element. And if we change the inline to block
we can change its dimensions but we would lose the property of allowing  other elemts to sit next to them.
same goes for the block elements.

but if we want an element to have an inline property and at the same time we can change its dimensions we can use
another display property known as inline-block.

images are like inline-block elements as we are able to change their dimensions and they also get displayed
as they are like inline elements nex to each other.

display to none hides the element which we can use to hide things in our website.

positioning in css is static(default p by browser i.e children sit on top of their parents.)
relative positioning uses four attributes left right top bottom and accordingly we position our elements.

when we use absolute positioning the element gets freed from the natural html flow and is free from everyting.

To align everything to center we can use text align to center in body element, but it doesnt work if
there are any block elements with some specified width. To align them center we use margin to differently
settings like auto.

float property floats the element to either to the left or to the right. Its used when we want to wrap text
around images we can do so by floating the image to the left thus my freeing it from the normal document flow
which causes the text to display to its right.

and marking the clear proper to either left or right means clearing it left or right margin thus making the text
appear at the bottom. it is like anti float. as shown in the para class in the styles.css file.
